README.md, before:

# From Ruby to JavaScript

In this challenge, you will learn the basics of JavaScript by building on concepts from Ruby.

The files are organized into numbered chapters and pages. Move through them in order or jump around from place to place - whichever is better for you.

Have fun!

## Navigation

### Introduction
- [readme.md](01-introduction/readme.md)

### Primitives
- [01-numbers.md](02-primitives/01-numbers.md)
- [02-strings.md](02-primitives/02-strings.md)
- [03-variables.md](02-primitives/03-variables.md)

### Functions and Methods
- [01-functions-vs-methods.md](03-functions-and-methods/01-functions-vs-methods.md)
- [02-function-basics.md](03-functions-and-methods/02-function-basics.md)
- [03-built-in-methods.md](03-functions-and-methods/03-built-in-methods.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#functions)

### Branching
- [01-conditions-and-logic.md](04-branching/01-conditions-and-logic.md)
- [02-if-statements.md](04-branching/02-if-statements.md)

### Collections
- [01-array-basics.md](05-collections/01-array-basics.md)
- [02-array-operations.md](05-collections/02-array-operations.md)
- [03-object-literals.md](05-collections/03-object-literals.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#collections)

### Loops
- [01-looping-basics.md](06-loops/01-looping-basics.md)
- [02-looping-through-arrays.md](06-loops/02-looping-through-arrays.md)
- [03-each-map-select-max.md](06-loops/03-each-map-select-max.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#loops)

### Objects and Classes
- [01-what-are-objects-and-classes.md](07-objects-and-classes/01-what-are-objects-and-classes.md)
- [02-object-constructors.md](07-objects-and-classes/02-object-constructors.md)
- [03-variables-and-properties.md](07-objects-and-classes/03-variables-and-properties.md)
- [04-readers-and-writers.md](07-objects-and-classes/04-readers-and-writers.md)
- [05-inheritance.md](07-objects-and-classes/05-inheritance.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#objects--classes)

---

### Example Solutions to Exercises
- [average.js](solutions/average.js)
- [count_between.js](solutions/count_between.js)
- [factorial.js](solutions/factorial.js)
- [first_name.js](solutions/first_name.js)
- [guessing_game.js](solutions/guessing_game.js)
- [largest_integer.js](solutions/largest_integer.js)
- [longest_string.js](solutions/longest_string.js)
- [pad.js](solutions/pad.js)
- [print_triangle.js](solutions/print_triangle.js)
- [rectangle.js](solutions/rectangle.js)
- [rpn_calculator.js](solutions/rpn_calculator.js)
- [shortest_string.js](solutions/shortest_string.js)
- [smallest_integer.js](solutions/smallest_integer.js)
- [super_fizzbuzz.js](solutions/super_fizzbuzz.js)
- [times_table.js](solutions/times_table.js)
- [valid_triangle.js](solutions/valid_triangle.js)

Commit message:

Mention javascript-drills repo in Introduction

README.md, after:

# From Ruby to JavaScript

In this challenge, you will learn the basics of JavaScript by building on
concepts from Ruby.

The files are organized into numbered chapters and pages. Move through them in
order or jump around from place to place - whichever is better for you.

Be sure to practice what you've learned by completing the drills (linked to at
the end of each section). Clone the [javascipt-drils repo](../../../javascript-drills)
and follow along as you complete each section.  Be sure to read
javascript-drills README. It includes instructions for running the drills
locally using Node.

Have fun!

## Navigation

### Introduction
- [readme.md](01-introduction/readme.md)

### Primitives
- [01-numbers.md](02-primitives/01-numbers.md)
- [02-strings.md](02-primitives/02-strings.md)
- [03-variables.md](02-primitives/03-variables.md)

### Functions and Methods
- [01-functions-vs-methods.md](03-functions-and-methods/01-functions-vs-methods.md)
- [02-function-basics.md](03-functions-and-methods/02-function-basics.md)
- [03-built-in-methods.md](03-functions-and-methods/03-built-in-methods.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#functions)

### Branching
- [01-conditions-and-logic.md](04-branching/01-conditions-and-logic.md)
- [02-if-statements.md](04-branching/02-if-statements.md)

### Collections
- [01-array-basics.md](05-collections/01-array-basics.md)
- [02-array-operations.md](05-collections/02-array-operations.md)
- [03-object-literals.md](05-collections/03-object-literals.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#collections)

### Loops
- [01-looping-basics.md](06-loops/01-looping-basics.md)
- [02-looping-through-arrays.md](06-loops/02-looping-through-arrays.md)
- [03-each-map-select-max.md](06-loops/03-each-map-select-max.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#loops)

### Objects and Classes
- [01-what-are-objects-and-classes.md](07-objects-and-classes/01-what-are-objects-and-classes.md)
- [02-object-constructors.md](07-objects-and-classes/02-object-constructors.md)
- [03-variables-and-properties.md](07-objects-and-classes/03-variables-and-properties.md)
- [04-readers-and-writers.md](07-objects-and-classes/04-readers-and-writers.md)
- [05-inheritance.md](07-objects-and-classes/05-inheritance.md)
- [Exercises](../../../javascript-drills#objects--classes)

---

### Example Solutions to Exercises
- [average.js](solutions/average.js)
- [count_between.js](solutions/count_between.js)
- [factorial.js](solutions/factorial.js)
- [first_name.js](solutions/first_name.js)
- [guessing_game.js](solutions/guessing_game.js)
- [largest_integer.js](solutions/largest_integer.js)
- [longest_string.js](solutions/longest_string.js)
- [pad.js](solutions/pad.js)
- [print_triangle.js](solutions/print_triangle.js)
- [rectangle.js](solutions/rectangle.js)
- [rpn_calculator.js](solutions/rpn_calculator.js)
- [shortest_string.js](solutions/shortest_string.js)
- [smallest_integer.js](solutions/smallest_integer.js)
- [super_fizzbuzz.js](solutions/super_fizzbuzz.js)
- [times_table.js](solutions/times_table.js)
- [valid_triangle.js](solutions/valid_triangle.js)
